{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Odyssey was a derivative of the Classical Mediterranean. Nations from around the Mediterranean, spanning closely associated historical periods.   Apeiron, is the what came next, the gods in decline the age of heros and Mans assertion but what happens as the 2nd millennium closed and the 3rd started and man was seen to be in decline.\
\
The idea is that the supporters of the Gods and the arena, have knowledge and relics down through their ancesteridge. There are still religions that worship the pantheon both good and bad, but also they have encountered the old pantheons of the other nations as the reach of man rose and the vastness of the world srank. \
\
This means, that where we had Roman, greek, Cathaginion, egyption gods we now have nordic, slavic, and new world elements to be considered. \
\
Ad to this the want to maintain the arena event format, and we find the view/look and feel reflecting that dark and gritty underworld look. \
Think, Night Watch/Day watch, John Wick, Highlander (1 and the TV series), fight club. \
 \
\
The events will take place in smaller venues, warehouses, clubs, car parks and the ilk (bravo one) \
The idea being each pantheon will be represented by small groups(caravans) of players, who support their pantheon and represent it\
The pantheon interactions will be visions, visitations and if one group rises to power maybe manifestations. \
The main feature of the events will be small fights for glory, blessings and to trade/champion items of power.\
\
\
The arena as some newer rules that have been passed down, but imagine the Highlander vibe the caravans have been drawn, items of power have re awakened and drawn out the followers of the old gods. They can\'92t ee the bigger picture but they are compiled to attend. \
\
The arena guardians have been re embodied, they are needed they return, king Minos day has passed and his people are at rest but when the pantheon has a need a need is met. Atlantis and Minos have not risen again, the old pantheons are not strong enough and the aether does not exist to power the magic, but the relics have empowered. And some of the more recent dead who had faith or show faith will raise again to server their purpose. \
\
In the world this as seen daring and almost brutal robberies across the globe museum and auction houses robbed in a mix of non-violent, violent, daring and pure brutish,  skilled and unskilled ways. Private collections raided in the night as the followers of the pantheons come to the call of their relics, and the dreams, potents, visions and calls. As these crimes grew in daring or boldness so did the security at the more well known museums, until the British Museum shut it\'92s doors to unregistered visitors and as it did the Black Sarcophigus broke it\'92s bounds, it\'92s presence and call was felt through all. \
\
}